abomasnow.png	emolga.png	     machamp.png	sealeo.png
abra.png	empoleon.png	     machoke.png	seedot.png
absol.png	entei.png	     machop.png		seel.png
accelgor.png	escavalier.png	     magby.png		seismitoad.png
aegislash.png	espurr.png	     magcargo.png	serperior.png
aerodactyl.png	excadrill.png	     magikarp.png	servine.png
aggron.png	exeggcute.png	     magmar.png		seviper.png
alakazam.png	exeggutor.png	     magmortar.png	sewaddle.png
alomomola.png	exploud.png	     magnemite.png	sharpedo.png
altaria.png	farfetchd.png	     magneton.png	shaymin.png
amaura.png	fearow.png	     magnezone.png	shedinja.png
ambipom.png	feebas.png	     makuhita.png	shelgon.png
amoonguss.png	fennekin.png	     malamar.png	shellder.png
anorith.png	ferroseed.png	     mamoswine.png	shellos.png
arbok.png	ferrothorn.png	     manaphy.png	shelmet.png
arcanine.png	filenames.txt	     mandibuzz.png	shieldon.png
arceus.png	finneon.png	     manectric.png	shiftry.png
archen.png	flabebe.png	     mankey.png		shinx.png
archeops.png	flareon.png	     mantine.png	shroomish.png
armaldo.png	fletchinder.png      mantyke.png	shuppet.png
aromatisse.png	fletchling.png	     maractus.png	sigilyph.png
aron.png	floatzel.png	     marowak.png	silcoon.png
articuno.png	floette.png	     marshtomp.png	simipour.png
audino.png	florges.png	     masquerain.png	simisage.png
aurorus.png	flygon.png	     mawile.png		simisear.png
avalugg.png	foongus.png	     medicham.png	skarmory.png
axew.png	fraxure.png	     meditite.png	skiddo.png
azelf.png	frillish.png	     meloetta.png	skitty.png
azurill.png	froakie.png	     meloetta-aria.png	skorupi.png
bagon.png	frogadier.png	     meowstic.png	skrelp.png
baltoy.png	froslass.png	     meowstic-male.png	skuntank.png
banette.png	furfrou.png	     meowth.png		slaking.png
barbaracle.png	gabite.png	     mesprit.png	slakoth.png
barboach.png	gallade.png	     metagross.png	sliggoo.png
basculin.png	galvantula.png	     metang.png		slowbro.png
bastiodon.png	garbodor.png	     metapod.png	slowpoke.png
beartic.png	garchomp.png	     mew.png		slugma.png
beautifly.png	gardevoir.png	     mewtwo.png		slurpuff.png
beedrill.png	gastly.png	     mienfoo.png	smeargle.png
beheeyem.png	gastrodon.png	     mienshao.png	smoochum.png
beldum.png	genesect.png	     mightyena.png	snivy.png
bellsprout.png	gengar.png	     milotic.png	snorlax.png
bergmite.png	geodude.png	     miltank.png	snorunt.png
bibarel.png	gible.png	     mimejr.png		snover.png
bidoof.png	gigalith.png	     mime-jr.png	solosis.png
binacle.png	giratina.png	     minccino.png	solrock.png
bisharp.png	glaceon.png	     minun.png		spearow.png
blastoise.png	glalie.png	     mismagius.png	spewpa.png
blaziken.png	glameow.png	     moltres.png	spheal.png
blissey.png	gliscor.png	     monferno.png	spinda.png
blitzle.png	gloom.png	     mothim.png		spiritomb.png
boldore.png	gogoat.png	     mr-mime.png	spoink.png
bonsly.png	golbat.png	     mudkip.png		spritzee.png
bouffalant.png	goldeen.png	     muk.png		squirtle.png
braixen.png	golduck.png	     munchlax.png	stantler.png
braviary.png	golem.png	     munna.png		staraptor.png
breloom.png	golett.png	     musharna.png	staravia.png
bronzong.png	golurk.png	     nidoking.png	starly.png
bronzor.png	goodra.png	     nidoqueen.png	starmie.png
budew.png	goomy.png	     nidoranf.png	staryu.png
buizel.png	gorebyss.png	     nidoran-f.png	stoutland.png
bulbasaur.png	gothita.png	     nidoranm.png	stunfisk.png
buneary.png	gothitelle.png	     nidoran-m.png	stunky.png
bunnelby.png	gothorita.png	     nidorina.png	suicune.png
burmy.png	gourgeist.png	     nidorino.png	surskit.png
butterfree.png	graveler.png	     nincada.png	swablu.png
cacnea.png	greninja.png	     ninetales.png	swadloon.png
cacturne.png	grimer.png	     ninjask.png	swalot.png
camerupt.png	grotle.png	     noibat.png		swampert.png
carbink.png	groudon.png	     noivern.png	swanna.png
carnivine.png	grovyle.png	     nosepass.png	swellow.png
carracosta.png	growlithe.png	     numel.png		swinub.png
carvanha.png	grumpig.png	     nuzleaf.png	swirlix.png
cascoon.png	gulpin.png	     octillery.png	swoobat.png
castform.png	gurdurr.png	     oddish.png		sylveon.png
caterpie.png	gyarados.png	     omanyte.png	taillow.png
celebi.png	happiny.png	     omastar.png	talonflame.png
chandelure.png	hariyama.png	     onix.png		tangela.png
chansey.png	haunter.png	     oshawott.png	tangrowth.png
charizard.png	hawlucha.png	     pachirisu.png	tauros.png
charmander.png	haxorus.png	     palkia.png		tentacool.png
charmeleon.png	heatmor.png	     palpitoad.png	tentacruel.png
chatot.png	heatran.png	     pancham.png	tepig.png
cherrim.png	heliolisk.png	     pangoro.png	terrakion.png
cherubi.png	helioptile.png	     panpour.png	throh.png
chesnaught.png	herdier.png	     pansage.png	thundurus.png
chespin.png	hippopotas.png	     pansear.png	timburr.png
chimchar.png	hippowdon.png	     paras.png		tirtouga.png
chimecho.png	hitmonchan.png	     parasect.png	togekiss.png
chingling.png	hitmonlee.png	     patrat.png		torchic.png
cinccino.png	hitmontop.png	     pawniard.png	torkoal.png
clamperl.png	honchkrow.png	     pelipper.png	tornadus.png
clauncher.png	honedge.png	     persian.png	tornadus-incarnate.png
clawitzer.png	ho-oh.png	     petilil.png	torterra.png
claydol.png	hoopa.png	     phanpy.png		toxicroak.png
clefable.png	horsea.png	     phantump.png	tranquill.png
clefairy.png	houndoom.png	     phione.png		trapinch.png
cloyster.png	houndour.png	     pidgeot.png	treecko.png
cobalion.png	huntail.png	     pidgeotto.png	trevenant.png
cofagrigus.png	hydreigon.png	     pidgey.png		tropius.png
combee.png	hypno.png	     pidove.png		trubbish.png
combusken.png	illumise.png	     pignite.png	turtwig.png
conkeldurr.png	infernape.png	     pikachu.png	tympole.png
corphish.png	inkay.png	     piloswine.png	tynamo.png
corsola.png	ivysaur.png	     pinsir.png		tyranitar.png
cottonee.png	jellicent.png	     piplup.png		tyrantrum.png
cradily.png	jigglypuff.png	     plusle.png		tyrogue.png
cranidos.png	jirachi.png	     poliwag.png	tyrunt.png
crawdaunt.png	jolteon.png	     poliwhirl.png	unfezant.png
cresselia.png	joltik.png	     poliwrath.png	ursaring.png
croagunk.png	jynx.png	     ponyta.png		uxie.png
crustle.png	kabuto.png	     poochyena.png	vanillish.png
cryogonal.png	kabutops.png	     porygon.png	vanillite.png
cubchoo.png	kadabra.png	     porygontwo.png	vanilluxe.png
cubone.png	kakuna.png	     porygonz.png	vaporeon.png
darkrai.png	kangaskhan.png	     primeape.png	venipede.png
darmanitan.png	karrablast.png	     prinplup.png	venomoth.png
darumaka.png	kecleon.png	     probopass.png	venonat.png
dedenne.png	keldeo.png	     psyduck.png	venusaur.png
deerling.png	keldeo-ordinary.png  pumpkaboo.png	vespiquen.png
deino.png	kingdra.png	     pupitar.png	vibrava.png
delcatty.png	kingler.png	     purrloin.png	victini.png
delibird.png	kirlia.png	     purugly.png	victreebel.png
delphox.png	klang.png	     pyroar.png		vigoroth.png
deoxys.png	klefki.png	     quilladin.png	vileplume.png
dewgong.png	klink.png	     raichu.png		virizion.png
dewott.png	klinklang.png	     raikou.png		vivillon.png
dialga.png	koffing.png	     ralts.png		volbeat.png
diancie.png	krabby.png	     rampardos.png	volcanion.png
diggersby.png	kricketot.png	     rapidash.png	volcarona.png
diglett.png	kricketune.png	     raticate.png	voltorb.png
ditto.png	krokorok.png	     rattata.png	vullaby.png
dodrio.png	krookodile.png	     rayquaza.png	vulpix.png
doduo.png	kyogre.png	     regice.png		wailmer.png
donphan.png	kyurem.png	     regigigas.png	wailord.png
doublade.png	lairon.png	     regirock.png	walrein.png
dragalge.png	lampent.png	     registeel.png	wartortle.png
dragonair.png	landorus.png	     relicanth.png	watchog.png
dragonite.png	lapras.png	     remoraid.png	weavile.png
drapion.png	larvesta.png	     reshiram.png	weedle.png
dratini.png	larvitar.png	     reuniclus.png	weepinbell.png
drifblim.png	latias.png	     rhydon.png		weezing.png
drifloon.png	latios.png	     rhyhorn.png	whimsicott.png
drilbur.png	leafeon.png	     rhyperior.png	whirlipede.png
drowzee.png	leavanny.png	     riolu.png		whiscash.png
druddigon.png	lickilicky.png	     roggenrola.png	whismur.png
ducklett.png	lickitung.png	     roselia.png	wigglytuff.png
dugtrio.png	liepard.png	     roserade.png	wingull.png
duosion.png	lileep.png	     rotom.png		woobat.png
durant.png	lilligant.png	     rufflet.png	wormadam.png
dusclops.png	lillipup.png	     sableye.png	wurmple.png
dusknoir.png	linoone.png	     salamence.png	wynaut.png
duskull.png	litleo.png	     samurott.png	xerneas.png
dustox.png	litwick.png	     sandile.png	yamask.png
dwebble.png	lombre.png	     sandshrew.png	yanmega.png
eelektrik.png	lopunny.png	     sandslash.png	yveltal.png
eelektross.png	lotad.png	     sawk.png		zangoose.png
eevee.png	loudred.png	     sawsbuck.png	zapdos.png
ekans.png	lucario.png	     scatterbug.png	zebstrika.png
electabuzz.png	ludicolo.png	     sceptile.png	zekrom.png
electivire.png	lugia.png	     scolipede.png	zigzagoon.png
electrike.png	lumineon.png	     scrafty.png	zoroark.png
electrode.png	lunatone.png	     scraggy.png	zorua.png
elekid.png	luvdisc.png	     scyther.png	zubat.png
elgyem.png	luxio.png	     seadra.png		zweilous.png
emboar.png	luxray.png	     seaking.png	zygarde.png
